Adding a known issue - important (#1990)
RedisLabs/redislabs-docs: content/rs/release-notes/rs-6-2-10-february-2022.md

- RS72304 - Avoid starting a master shard when both master and replica shards crash and the replica did not finish recovery
- RS74469 - Fix for some Redis Active-Active + Redis Streams scenarios that could lead to shard crash during backup; failure to backup

## Known issues, starting with build 100

> - RS78364 - When using rladmin command `tune db` to change the slave-buffer size, the command logs the value to the ccs and reports success but the new value does not take affect. The issue will be fixed in a future build of 6.2.10 and in the next Redis Enterprise Software version 6.2.12.     

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- RS78364 - When using `rladmin tune db` to change the replica buffer size, the command appears to succeed, but the change does not take effect. This issue will be fixed in a future build of Redis Enterprise Software v6.2.10 and in the next release (v6.2.12).     
```
